# Security

The API gateway security requirements are documented [here](https://community.max.gov/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=2138665329) (VA-Internal Only).

Code in this repository must undergo both a Fortify static code analysis and a WASA penetration test.

## Fortify Static Code Analysis

General Fortify instructions are present on the Fortify scan wiki [here](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/team/19%3a59d9ecebfcc948ecb3a67e3f7e15cec9%40thread.skype/conversations?groupId=3c2ed08f-9317-46fc-9d9a-5d7b71d1816f&tenantId=e95f1b23-abaf-45ee-821d-b7ab251ab3bf) (VA Internal Only).

To scan this repository, in order to ensure you have installed all dependencies, it is necessary to gather the requirements for each microservice together, install into a single virtual environment, and include this virtual environment in the `-python-path` argument to the Fortify script.

You can run the `Fortify Scan Wizard` to generate a new scan, or, if you're on Linux/MacOS, you can run the existing `Fortifyclaims-attributes-api.sh`.

This is all done for you in the `security-scan` Makefile target:

1. Download the above linked-to executable, license, and rule packs
2. Put `Fortify_SCA_and_Apps_x.y.z/bin` into your `PATH`
3. Run the scan from the top-level of this repository with:
   ```sh
   make security-scan
   ```

The script has been doctored in the following ways from the standard Scan Wizard output:

1. `DEBUG` has been set to `true`
2. The `-logfile` argument has been added to both the `translate` and `scan` phases
3. Additional arguments have been added to the "comments" at the bottom of the file. Note! These "comments" are not actually comments in that they are parsed by the script itself and added when it is run. Here are the changes:
   1. The system-standard and virtual environment paths have been added as `-python-path` args
   2. The test directories have been added as `-exclude` args
   3. The virtualenv directory has been added as an `-exclude` arg

### Things to watch out for

- Ensure your python-path has been properly setup and that the tool has picked it up.
- Look at the hard-to-find "Warnings" tab in the Audit Workbench. All warnings here, even if you have no security vulnerabilities, will need to be accounted for.
- Ensure the rules listed under the "Security Content" reflect the most-recent rulepack
- Ensure you have included a "resubmission.txt" in your submission detailing changes since last time.
- Attach the `scan.log` and `translation.log` generated by the tool to the results zip

## WASA Scan

Following the passing of the Fortify static scan, it is necessary to run a WASA scan. You can find instructions for this [here](https://community.max.gov/display/VAExternal/Requesting+a+WASA+Assessment) (VA Internal only).
